# JavaSrcpit-Assignment-
Write a function to find largest of three numbers. Write a function to check if a date is valid. Write a function to compute multiplication of two matrices. Write a program to print pascal triangle. Write a program to read a file, split it into words, remove duplicates and print in sorted order. Write a program to read a file and generate a frequency table for the words in that file. Write a function to generate fibonacci sequence. Write a function to reverse all the elements in an array. Write a function partition with the method signature of int[][] partition(int arr[], int value), which returns two arrays, first containing all values in arr smaller than the value and second array which contain all values in arr larger than the value. Make sure you exclude value from both arrays. Eg:   assert(partition([1, 4, 2, 5, 3], 3)[0] == [1, 2])   assert(partition([1, 4, 2, 5, 3], 3)[1] == [4, 5])  Write a function mergeSorted with the method signature of int[] merge(int[] sorted, int[] sorted2) which merges two sorted arrays sorted and sorted2 and returns the sorted array but in descending order. Time complexity of O(n) and space complexity of O(n). Eg:   assert(mergeSorted([1, 3, 5], [2, 4]) == [5, 4, 3, 2, 1]) Write a function secondLargest with the method signature of int secondLargest(int[] arr) which returns the second largest number in the array. DO NOT sort the array. Time complexity must be O(n).  Write a function pairs with the signature of int[][] pairs(int[] arr), which returns an array of two element array containing adjacent values.  Eg:   assert(pairs([1, 2, 3, 4, 5]) == [[1, 2], [2, 3], [3, 4], [4, 5]]) Write a function isSorted with the method signature of bool isSorted(int arr[]) to check if the passed in array is sorted.   assert(isSorted([]) == true)   assert(isSorted([1, 3, 2]) == false)   assert(isSorted([1, 2, 3, 5]) == true) Write a function using lambda expressions and streams in Java or LINQ in C# to compute sum of all primes less than n. Method signature should be int sumOfPrimes(int[] arr). Implement double LinkedList. Write a function to reverse that LinkedList.
